added record button and save button functionality (#3)
upsidedownlabs/BioSignal-Recorder-Web: README.md

# BioSignal-Recorder-Web

Web Serial based BioSignal recorder applicaion.
![Alt text](images/img1.png)
![Alt text](images/img2.png)
![Alt text](images/img3.png)
![Alt text](images/img4.png)
![Alt text](images/img5.png)

This repository contains code for a BioSignal Recorder web application. The application allows users to connect to an Arduino, stream data from it, visualize the data in real-time using waveform charts, and record the data into a CSV file.

## Features

- **Real-time Visualization:** Visualize incoming data from the Arduino in real-time using SmoothieCharts.
- **Adjustable Settings:** Users can adjust settings such as the number of channels, waveform height, and streaming speed.
- **Connect and Disconnect:** Users can connect and disconnect from the Arduino easily.
- **Recording:** Users can record the incoming data into a CSV file.

## Prerequisites

- Google Chrome web browser
- Access to an Arduino and Arduino IDE for flashing firmware
- Bioamp EXG pill or similar sensor for data acquisition

## How to Use

1. Connect the Arduino to your computer using a USB cable.
2. Open the Arduino IDE and flash the provided firmware onto the Arduino.

> 3. Open the `index.html` file in a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the [BioSignal-Recorder-Web](https://docs.upsidedownlabs.tech/BioSignal-Recorder-Web/) in a web browser.
```
